Significant Program Proposal

    I would like to write a program that simulates a bomb defusal scenario, as a more applicable
practice for game development(my desired field). This program would present the user with a set of
highly specific information about a randomly generated fictional bomb, and pre-written rules for correctly solving it
will be provided. The user will have to enter multiple inputs based on the prompts, and while
I'm unsure exactly how to apply it right now, it will hopefully have a live timer which if it runs
out, will be a failure state. I will be basing this off of the game "Keep Talking and Nobody
Explodes", if you would like more context I highly recommend looking it up.


(This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best knowledge
at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the beginning to the
end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and some of the ideas we
proposed change. This is part of completing any project and is fine.
However, we still must write a proposal so that our teachers or
supervisors know what we intend to do. Please answer each of the
following questions to the best of your knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    bomb_refusal.py

2. What real world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    It doesn't really solve a real world problem, but it is an example of game development,
    so it may be a bit of a stretch, but I guess I could say a lack of entertainment.
    For real world application, however, it could provide good teamwork and communication training
    for real bomb defusal squads.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    I will learn how to complile randomized results into a whole with concrete results,
    as well as building specific functions for smaller tasks.

4. What Python modules will your program use? (Some examples are: csv,
datetime, functools, matplotlib, math, pandas, pytest, random, requests,
and tkinter.)
    datetime, math, random

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?
    YES, see question 3.

6. Will you write test functions to test many of your program functions?
    Due to the segmented nature of my project, I plan to test each function individually
    without the need of test programs, though I may need to include one for the whole program.